are you tired of writing blog posts that
just aren't that good you know the post
that no one really wants to read do you
want to write content that's way better
than your competition hey everyone i'm
neil patel and today i'm going to break
down how to write blog posts that are
actually better than any other content
piece on the web and i'm going to teach
you how to crush your competitors
now before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
i'm going to show you how to write
amazing content in three simple steps
step one do a competitive analysis on
the top 10 results
so what i want you to do is get idea of
the length of the content that are
ranking on google so let's do is do a
google search for any keyword related
article that you're writing and see
who's ranking number one all the way
down to number 10 read the article see
their length and this will give you a
good idea if you need to write a long
article or a short article some people
say if you want to rank on page one of
google you need 2 200 words that's
baloney some industries you'll need more
words some you'll need less for example
if your articles on how to tie a tie i
don't think anyone wants to read 2 200
words on how to tie a tie you can get
that done in a video or just showing
some animated gifs teaching you how to
tie a tie and what i want you to do is
pick the hottest topics from the
headings
the ones that appear the most often when
you're looking at the top 10 results
check the things that are being
mentioned all the time on your
competitors content and all the things
that they're not really covering
you also need to have a clear idea of
what the value is for the top results
that are offering to visitors it's not
just about google it's also about the
visitors
are they answering a specific question
really quickly
do they have a calculator that helps
them cut through their math and just get
what they're looking for really quickly
is it a product page that just shows an
amazing product is a long-form content
piece that covers everything that they
need from nuts to bolts from beginner
stuff like how to install a toilet to
how to install a bidet and if you create
content just for the sake of it you're
going to fail
another thing you need to look at is
user intent do they solve user intent
are they solving people's problems
really quickly
now if you keep those factors in mind
when you're analyzing the content it'll
help you understand the type of page you
need to create and what you need to do
to outrank your competition
step two do your own research i want you
to check out uber says take that same
keyword go to neilpatel.com uberset or
just ubersets.com type in that keyword
you'll be taken to this report that
gives you overview on the keyword it
shows you how popular it is you know
how popular is on mobile versus desktop
over time the popularity
and it even breaks down other content
pieces that are related to it that have
done really well in the social web now i
want you to click on the keyword ideas
report this will show you all the other
related keywords that you should include
potentially in your article that are
related it'll show you questions
prepositions comparisons this is all the
stuff that's
related that you may want to put within
your article because a lot of times
people are doing searches to see
hey what's the answer to this such as
how hard is it really to be olympic
athlete that's a great example of a
question
and this will all give you ideas of what
you should end up creating content
around i also want you to check out
quora and reddit because those sites
will give you good ideas of what's also
popular around that topic so now you'll
know hey these are all the keywords to
include and these are all the subjects
that my competition isn't including but
uber says is showing that they're
getting high search volume so that means
it's popular and people are looking for
this stuff as well so i need to include
it
step 3 raise your standards and create a
page that's better than everyone else's
add different types of media that no one
else did such as data and visualization
i'm not just talking about videos and
audio files i'm talking about let's say
infographic or graphs or things that get
the message across quicker or maybe even
image carousels on social media or video
based content that are tutorial based
and i want you to write a headline
that's more appealing
think of clickbait but clickbait has a
bad connotation because clickbait is is
you get someone to click and they're
disappointed when they get to a page i
want you to have a headline so amazing
people will click and then when they get
to the page even more happy because your
content just knocks their socks off
and check out the content ideas report
on uber says for that keyword as well
because it'll show you who's promoted
other competitor articles from a link
perspective and a social perspective and
you can reach out to those people and
get them to link to your article because
if someone linked a competitor article
they're much more likely to link to you
as well now if you just want my team to
do all this for you check out my ad
agency np digital if you have any
questions leave a comment below i'm here
to help and answer them if you like the
video share it like the channel tell the
people about it thank you very much